The most important lesson that I've learned about life, I don't know if
it's true or not, but I say that you should follow your passion. That's
what I'm doing myself. Hopefully I'll eventually reach that goal
or at least you know fight the good fight or smiling until my death
bed trying to follow my passion. I guess if I were following my passion
then I would probably be in a nice paying job with a nice car
and a nice house down the street in a nice cul de sac. But for some
reason I feel like what I wanna do is, I want to own my own business
one day, or I want to make some really outstanding computer science
product. So because I'm doing that, it feels like my life is worth
doing. Rather than me working for someone else, helping someone else
make their dream come true, making the best Pepsi can in the world,
or making the best table in the world, or making power for people
of Orange County you know. All of those are are honorable professions,
but it's something that I didn't come up with, it's not something
that I wanted to do. So I'll try to do something I want to do and so
far I'm glad that I'm doing it, so that's my suggestion for other
people as well.